hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you a day in my life video so
this particular morning I wake up and
the first thing I did was go into an
hour walk out
[Music]
50 minutes I live just up my back then I
went back upstairs and made my bed and I
hadn't know which may really needed to
respond to you so I did that quickly
before going downstairs to get myself
some breakfast do you feel so for
breakfast I made myself some porridge a
matcha latte and you say half banana mix
blended up with some almond milk which
is my favorite thing at the moment now
I'm going to plan my day I really want
to have a productive day guests and
stuff dad I'm down to the dregs of my
matcha and it makes me very sad
wait skin lift you are you can find a
way to drop
[Music]
you feel the wind so you do it's how it
all begins then comes reason them and
practice you will find your way okay I'm
going to get started with doing some
admin Tasha bless you win this race so
I've actually also just had a parson
comments only little unboxing this is
from ran clear skincare this is so cool
there's this little certificates how
cool is this this here is the day cream
I can't tell if it smells legalism
husband then I had a video to edit so I
started editing that and then I had a
phone call in between
it's way
you can watch the bird and then I go
back to editing
[Music]
you know
right down
[Music]
don't believe us
it's how we learn
[Music]
not good
hey Casey whilst my mom's at watch she's
also going feed the ducks say our
neighbors are away at the moment and
they have running ducks which is so
these are our chickens and then those
are our neighbors ducks so muddy in this
congratulate so
you can watch the birds when they fly
to work
I did know one not to drop because there
is say much doctor
No
breakdown
[Music]
it's how we learn
don't be concerned
it has to her
I put my glasses on the side whilst I
was jumping at Humpty Lola jumped up
grabbed them and she was running around
with them in her mouth like do
thankfully I was just so so sure that
they would've broken
she's thank goodness I had to give her
my scrunchie - okay you're so naughty
Lola
[Music]
when I go back inside I decided to sort
out my mugs because I have quite a lot
of mugs and I definitely didn't need all
of them okay I did not realize covered
all my aim look how many I earn this is
actually really bad so I'm gonna go
through these and I'm gonna aim to get
rid of at least four but hopefully five
they love most of these obviously I've
got to keep my but a bit hard
[Music]
I've just done a huge play thought out
I'm wearing this dress which I just
found and I'm really not sure whether I
want to keep it or not I might sell this
one on D pop so then on the theme of
sorting there are a few things I wasn't
sure about keeping but I wanted to try
out a new design and try a slightly
altering them so really a very very
basic but I just took this t-shirt which
I love the print of but I didn't like
the fit of and I slightly cropped it and
I also took this cardigan which I got
from a charity shop and again I slightly
cropped it and there might add an extra
button to the top so that I could wear
it as a top as opposed to a cardigan and
I really love the way that this turned
out
then in the evening I mopped the floor
downstairs this is just me morphing and
this is pretty much all a film this
particular day so now let's move on to
the next day again in the morning I wake
up and immediately went and did that ab
workout I tried to get into the habit of
doing it every single morning
[Music]
hello good morning it's the next day and
I actually didn't film at all last night
I realized so it wasn't any gonna be a
day in my life that I've decided to move
it into a 2-day because I didn't
actually film last night it's already
like 10:40 I haven't done that much this
morning I did some sorting I didn't ab
workout got some admin tasks done but
that's about it so the first thing I
want to do right now is put these bits
on depop I've actually got a lot of
things these in here are like neatly
folded they're really easy to access so
I've just got tops jumpers skirts and
dresses that I don't want to keep my
wardrobe because I don't wear them that
much and this one these are things I was
slightly left last off games I've just
got some jackets in here like three or
four jackets but obviously they're very
bulky and here I've got items which are
slightly vintagey I don't want to get
rid of and then I've got Christmas stuff
in here and a formal dress and cardigan
and hair that go together and then
lastly in here this is for things I
don't know if that's if it's really
enough so I think to do maybe I should
just get rid of some of these things
these are things I might one day like
basically it's things that I either want
to alter I might one day want to alter
they're just like plain tops and things
which if I wanted to DIY a top or
something these are things I could use
so it's quite a random thing and I've
just put it all in this duvet back so
this is me listing things on default
this clip is very boring and also taking
some photographs
but I quickly realized that downstairs
the lighting was a lot better and I much
preferred the wood background of the
table I also got myself some pear juice
which is my favorite thing I just had
some smoothie I had a banana and mango
smoothie again I have a thing for
breakfast and now I'm having this salad
for lunch I ate my salad that was so
delicious I can't even tell you I've
really got into salads recently and I
just had some roasted veg avocado olive
salad leaves and I'm such a 2nd person I
love
halfway through adding like extra of
everything so with this I added load
more lettuce leaves and also some more
tahini and olives and then that I got
back to sorting because today was a
sorting day ok my dad and I have spent
pretty much the whole day so far during
sorting because our loft is really bad
but dad and I have been working on this
all day and I'm already happy with how
it's come along we've got so many bins
this is what it looks like at the moment
I know we've got some board games in
here and we definitely don't play them
all so we definitely don't need them all
I'm just gonna quickly go through these
and get rid of the ones that we don't
play and any that we do like to play it
I'll just bring downstairs and put them
in the snug because that's any place
they're gonna get played
[Music]
so in year 8 at my school you had to
make a cushion and this was mine okay
I've got a Fenkell now well sir I put
this in the loft and then I was like
wait now it's a Christmas jumper but I
can wear it way around so this is me
taking the phone call I took the first
half of this cool on the home phone and
then I moved over to Skype for the
second half and even though some of
these are notes that I am writing I am
also doodling quite a lot I have this
habit of doodling during during phone
calls I find that doodling actually
sometimes helps me to come up with new
ideas and be more innovative when I'm
thinking I'm not sure if that's just me
[Music]
and then this is a lot later and I was
basically just writing some letters to
some friends appliances and letters
[Music]
then after that I did some planning for
this networking study tube session that
I was leading at VidCon so I was just
writing up some discussion starters for
this and yeah that's pretty much
everything I did this day so thank you
so much for watching today's video I
hope that you enjoyed it and I hope that
you have a productive week
[Music]